removed the experimental note for masonry-layout and added removal fo… (#34280)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/128/index.md

#### Removals

> - The masonry layout properties `align-tracks` and `justify-tracks` have been removed. This is due to the [W3 direction for masonry layout](https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/8208) has changed ([Firefox bug 1900195](https://bugzil.la/1900195)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The masonry layout properties `align-tracks` and `justify-tracks` have been removed. These properties were only implemented in Firefox and were recently [dropped from the spec](https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/8208) ([Firefox bug 1900195](https://bugzil.la/1900195)).
```

I’d mention that they were Firefox-only. Also, the removal is not exactly due to the change of direction. The direction _might_ change soon, but that’s a whole other story.
